feat: adding UIB communication content (#2722 improvement) (#2733)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

= Release notes

> :description: Bonita release notes for the 2024.3 version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Bonita release notes for the {bonitaVersion} version
```
